I have used up everything in me...
Next, it's your turn.
The Nomus we captured are
the same as those from before...
"Metropolitan Police Department"
They do not have human reactions,
and we are not likely to acquire
new information from them.
The warehouse where they
were kept has been blown away,
so all we can do is continue
our investigation on their manufacture.
We haven't gotten more personal information
about them from the bar either, right?
We are currently investigating.
Even if we were able to capture most of them,
we let all the perpetrators,
including Shigaraki, escape.
Even if we were to grade ourselves really easy,
we only got away with a draw due to injury.
Idiot.
We traded in the Symbol of Peace.
All Might's weakened body
has been exposed to the world,
and there is no longer a Symbol of Peace
that will never be defeated.
Not for the citizens, or for the villains.
That's what happens
when we rely on one person.
Everyone realized that you can get
this far just by gathering a bunch of idiots.
That scares me.
From our initial profiling,
the principal offender, Tomura Shigaraki,
was even said to throw childish tantrums.
The more plans he comes up with,
the more circuitous they become.
They've become ways for him
to see how he can affect society.
His thought process has matured.
And now, All Might has been taken down,
and there are less checks
on people's actions than before.
Each time the League fails,
they become stronger.
And he's left with the means
to expand their sphere of influence.
Are you saying that this was part of their plan?
Is that just hindsight?
I don't know.
The only thing I can say for sure is
that we must capture them.
We police have no time to sit around
being called the "villain reception."
Something needs to change.
The embers inside me have gone out.
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
The Symbol of Peace is dead.
"Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi"
"Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet"
However--
There is still something that I must do.
Tomura Shigaraki.
Shimura's grandson, huh...?
That's just what All For One said, right?
That's not very much to go on.
The two of you didn't have any
interactions with this Shimura's family?
No...
Why not?
Shimura's husband was killed,
so she put her child in foster care
to keep her child away from the hero world.
"Nana Shimura - Quirk: One For All"
She told Toshinori and me that she didn't
want us to have any contact with the child
even if the worst were to happen to her.
So your promise to the deceased backfired...
That's sad.
The blood relationship that
my master severed for the sake of peace...!
I must find Shigaraki...
Find him and...
No. What're you planning
to do once you find him?
You're not looking at him as a villain anymore.
You will definitely hesitate.
No matter who he's related to, he is a criminal.
Tsukauchi and I will investigate
Shigaraki from here on out.
You stay at U.A. and do
everything you should be doing.
Even if you cannot be
the Symbol of Peace anymore,
All Might is still alive.
"Safe and Worry-Free"
"Regional Safety Campaign"
"Stop!"
After the incident, we met up
with Todoroki and Yaoyorozu
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All" "Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine" "Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
and went with Kacchan to the police.
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Kacchan was quiet.
And then, after more than
half a day, we headed home.
"Shocking! All Might's True Form"
Welcome back!
Oh, something crazy is happening, Shoto.
I was so worried because you didn't return
my messages after you went to see Mom!
Sorry, Sis.
He came back a little while ago,
and he's been like that ever since.
If All Might really cannot stand
on the front lines anymore,
"Training Room"
then the position of number one is--
"Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame"
I don't accept it... Not like this...
Like I could accept it!
I cannot accept it!
Welcome home.
"Inko Midoriya"
It looks like All Might had a hard time, huh?
"Midoriya"
You must've had a hard time getting home, too.
Yeah...
"YAP! News"
"All Might fighting a monstrous villain"
What'll happen now?
Were my actions really okay?
All Might...
Hey! Where are you going?
The food's almost ready!
L-Later!
"Dagoba Municipal Beach Park"
All Might!
Oh, you're finally here.
You took so long!
All Might!
Texas...
Smash!
You really don't keep your word, do you?
Everything was almost in vain, you know.
Jeez, who do you take after?
Young Midoriya, I...
...am effectively retired.
My body cannot fight anymore.
The last embers of One For All have gone out,
and I can't really keep my muscle form anymore.
But even so, every single time,
you rush out no matter what I tell you!
No matter how many times I tell you,
you keep destroying your body!
That's why, this time...!
...when you got out of a predicament
for the first time without getting injured,
I was so happy.
From here on out,
I will devote myself to raising you.
Let's keep... working hard together.
A-All Might...
You really don't keep your word, do you?
Didn't I tell you to stop being a crybaby?
The slight pain lingering in my cheek
throbbed as it told me that it was
the end of the era of All Might.
"End of the Beginning, Beginning of the End"
"All Might" "(True Form)"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class Teacher"
"Birthday: 6/10"
"Height: 220 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Yakushima Cedar"
"No. 4 Hero" "Best Jeanist"
"Quirk: Fiber Master"
"Although he escaped death,
he will not be working for a long time."
"No. 32 Hero" "Pussycats: Ragdoll"
"Quirk: Search"
"After she was kidnaped, she became unable to use her Quirk, so she is suspended from hero activities for the time being."
Thank you, All Might.
"Pro Hero - Vlad King - Quirk: Blood Control"
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
"Pro Hero - Nezu - Quirk: High Specs"
For a long time, you sacrificed
your body to save thousands.
As a citizen, a hero, and the principal,
I cannot thank you enough.
However, there are many who do not believe
you should continue as a teacher at U.A.
"Symbol of Peace and
No. 1 Hero, All Might, Retires!!!"
"This was all because
All Might started working at U.A."
"Won't the children be caught up again
now that he cannot fight anymore?"
Everyone's uneasy.
That's why this time, we must make stronger
the faith in the heroes
you have passed the torch on to.
However, the threat is still there.
We must protect and train
with more strength than before.
That is why we will proceed to implement
a plan that I've had in mind for a while.
"Notice of the Introduction
of the U.A. All-Dorm System"
I'm counting on you all to visit the families.
That's not very rockin'.
Even if it didn't turn out
to be anything serious,
to announce that you're going to move
to an all-dorm system like nothing happened
after my only daughter was injured...
What you are saying is quite right.
However, we took another look at the pride and negligence that
grew without our realizing it
and thought about what we could do.
Will you leave it to us just this once?
We will definitely raise
Kyoka to be a fine hero.
Oh, Mr. Aizawa, you don't have to bow!
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
We'd already decided what to do
after we got the notice in the mail.
When this old man saw
All Might's fight, I heard he said...
I can't believe my daughter's
being taught by someone so rockin'!
It's seriously like Brian the Sun!
...and cried!
Kyoka, stop!
--I was trying to act like a strict dad!
--Shut up, old man!
Stop it, you two.
We're not at a loud punk concert.
I was prepared to face more criticism.
I'll buy you a drink.
Oh, stop. That's not like you.
I can't drink, anyway, and the next family...
...probably won't be that easy.
Oh, sure! I'm counting on you!
Don't hit me, old lady! I'll kill you!
Shut up! It's your fault to begin
with for being so weak!
You got caught, and now you're
causing everyone trouble!
You two... stop it...
You're startling the teachers...
Shut up, damn old man! Don't butt in!
You're the one who should shut up!
If you're going to talk, then speak clearly!
What's with the darkness in this family...?
Um, is it really all right?
Hm?
Oh, the dorm, right?
We'd actually be grateful.
Katsuki's reckless
and really good at everything,
and he was blessed with a good Quirk, too,
so he had other people fawning over him
all the time and ended up like this.
He kept getting praised for shallow stuff.
That's why I was really happy to hear
what you said at the press conference.
He is trying harder than anyone
in his pursuit of becoming the "top hero."
If the villains saw that
and thought they had an opening,
then I believe they are being short-sighted.
Yeah, it made me think that this school
was really watching him carefully.
I was worried for a while
and wasn't sure how it would turn out,
but he's back safe and sound now, so...
You might face some harsh criticism for a while,
but I trust you guys and will leave him to you.
Right?
Yeah.
He's a hopeless guy, but please train
him hard and make him a good hero.
Shall I buy you a drink?
Next is...
Midoriya's house is close by, right?
All Might.
Hm?
Next, it's your turn.
What is Deku to you?
He's my student.
Just like you.
A future hero with bright prospects.
I'm sorry, Young Bakugo.
I just can't tell you any more.
Hey Katsuki, the police said not to go outside!
I see.
If you don't want to tell me, that's fine.
Thanks.
Katsuki!
I know!
Are you sure you'll be all right by yourself?
Yeah, we need to talk to
everyone in the class today, right?
I'll take this place.
Maybe you should hurry, too...
"Midoriya"
P-Please come in!
Excuse me.
A-A-A-All Might is in our home!
Mom, calm down!
Yes, I believe we have
already sent notice of this,
but I'm here to talk about U.A.'s dorm system...
Yes, about that...
I'm against it.
Mom?!
You said it was okay yesterday!
I thought about it! But I don't like it!
Izuku's Quirk never appeared,
but he still admired you for so long.
But since his Quirk miraculously appeared...
Ever since he entered U.A., Izuku...
He just keeps getting more and more beat up.
Did you know about Izuku's arms?
If he injures them any more,
he might lose his ability to move them!
I watched your fight the other day on TV.
As a regular citizen, I am very thankful.
But as a parent, I was scared.
Izuku looks up to you.
If his path leads to a future filled
with blood like that, then I...
Help!
I am here!
I...
I'm sorry, Izuku!
I'm sorry.
I...
I feel like maybe staying Quirkless
and happily watching heroes work
would have made him happier.
I couldn't help it.
Mom!
Izuku, I told you that I would support you,
but that I wouldn't stop worrying, right?
You want to go to U.A., right?
But...
I'm sorry, Izuku...
This was the obvious consequence
of ignoring my mother's feelings up until now.
I will speak frankly.
As Izuku's mother,
I don't have the nerves of steel I'd need to
entrust my son to U.A. High School as it is now.
It does not matter how
wonderful of a hero you are.
When villains attacked,
you couldn't continue classes,
and you couldn't stop the students
from getting seriously injured...
I don't want to let my son attend
a school like that any longer.
I...
Mrs. Midoriya--
It's not like that, Mom!
It was my own fault that I got hurt!
The teachers all told me over and over--
It was me who didn't listen--
If this is how it turned out,
then don't you think that's
the school's responsibility?
Young man, sit down.
I might be acting like a "monster parent."
But I'm fine being a monster.
I don't want to steal
Izuku's dream away from him.
If he really wants to be a hero,
then he could go to a different school.
There are a lot with hero courses, right?
Izuku!
This must be heartbreaking.
For you who looked up to me
and followed in my footsteps,
there is great meaning in studying at U.A.
To have to give that up...
I'm sorry. I'll call him back.
It's fine. Even if it's not U.A.!
Look, Mom, All Might.
I got a letter.
From the boy I saved at the training camp.
A kid who hated heroes
and even Quirks said, "Thank you"!
"Dear Mr. Midoriya,
I'm sorry I punched you in the balls.
Thank you for saving me
even though you barely knew me."
I'm still hopeless
and will make you worry a lot,
but even so, for one instant,
this letter, and this boy, made me a hero.
I was really happy!
I see.
It doesn't have to be U.A. Anywhere is fine!
Because I will become a hero!
You are already...
You are already more than someone
who is just following in my footsteps.
In that case, as your teacher,
I must support you.
You and the path you walk.
I apologize for doing things out of order.
I believe that Young Izuku
is the right person to succeed me...
What I mean is, I believe he is the person
who should become the Symbol of Peace.
Huh? What? Wait a minute,
please stop. What is this?
It is an apology... as the one who
was formerly the Symbol of Peace.
I was weak to his admiration
and negligent in my teachings.
I humbly apologize!
And this is my entreaty as a U.A. teacher--
It's true that my path was filled with blood.
But that is why, to keep him
from going down the same path,
I want to stand by him
and walk together with him.
All Might...!
He's such a cool hero...
Can I... be a hero, too?
I don't blame you for having
misgivings about the current U.A.!
But the U.A. heroes also know
that they cannot continue like this
and are trying to change!
Is there any way you can look not
at the current U.A., but at the future U.A.?
Will you allow me to pour
my all into Young Izuku?
I will protect him and raise him up,
even if I have to give my life to do so!
M-Mom!
I don't like this after all...
I mean, you are Izuku's reason for living.
It's not that I hate U.A.
I just want Izuku to be happy.
So don't give up your life.
Please live properly
to protect him and raise him.
If you can promise me that,
then I will allow it.
Mom...!
I promise.
Izuku, if you're going to live at U.A.,
then you understand, right?
I definitely won't make you worry!
Mr. All Might, please take care of my son.
"Special Prison For Villain Criminals -
Tartarus"
I lost, All Might.
It was a pitiful struggle.
But you were wrong.
At the end of the fight, you chose a path
that led you closer to your students.
"Villain - All For One - Quirk: All For One"
You missed your chance to leave.
You lost your chance to die.
A teacher's job is to help
his student become independent.
The teacher he's come to rely on
goes someplace he can't reach,
and his hatred grows stronger,
allowing him to walk the path of a true leader.
He has comrades.
He's learned how to increase their number.
You'll be fine, Tomura Shigaraki.
Take all the experience, hatred,
and regret and use it to move forward.
Next, it's your turn.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
Our new life in the dorms
with our classmates has begun!
But suddenly, we have to
decide whose room is the best.
Next time, "Moving into Dorms"!
"Next time: Moving into Dorms"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!